No makeup requires your self-awareness
I have found a better one for my son
Pack your things and go
Your rich family deceives people too much
It depends on you when you are old
All like this
Come and live in my son's villa
I'm not even in there yet.
You come in with a straight face
Enough my mother
I have agreed to a divorce.
You don't have to humiliate my mother like this, do you?
And it's not that you're doing anything behind your back
My mom doesn't live here for no reason
Hey, it's really too much.
I don't need you to worry about my estrangement
Neither of them leave
I'm not going either
Mom, stop making trouble, okay?
waiter waiter
Where are you going so late?
Don't worry about it.
Someone is coming to pick us up
Come on.
Do you really want to go with him?